# Core call 15.04.2019

## Adam / Fundamentally, what are our most basic goals?  How can communications support our efforts to achieve them?

[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lBfdYL-cMBQJpv8EJgXoldu6RQUtkegy1rYh1vNcdEU/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lBfdYL-cMBQJpv8EJgXoldu6RQUtkegy1rYh1vNcdEU/edit) will be sending this letter out shortly

## Max:

Workshop preparation is underway, we're ready to do it on zoom at 5pm CET in Berlin, 23/04.

Cem: is there documentation on the format of that workshop?

Cem: announcement -- had a call with Kate, who wanted feedback about genesis dao, what kind of relationship will be cultivate with them?  Told her Pedro is probably to ambassador that will be nominated.  We discussed the nature of our future relationship -- we're very experimental and intentionally are quite selective about who we work with.  With ambassadorhsip.

## Adam / Fundamentally, what are our most basic goals?  How can communications support our efforts to achieve them?

Funding/ financial sustainability/ proving ourselves via dogfooding, helping others, etc.

Launching an Incubator PoC-DAO

Website launch

Understanding this will help us to draft a more comprehensive communications strategy.  Our current strategy is not well defined.  Defining the objectives should likely help with this.  

Cem: In the immediate tasks on comms side -- the website needs to get up and running.  It's a good exercise for thinking about how we want to be seen.  Some of us have been working on the site and its coming out interestingly.  Maybe we can have this discussion object oriented, from the website's perspective.  

There are two higher level goals -- financial sustainability.  Many of our contributors would benefit if we could pay them.  

We need to refresh our strategy on granting, or look into investments, which calls for a business model and therefore some sort of service or product \(e.g. modules that others use, tokenized smart contract platform, etc.  Having our own DAO-based bonding curve could be too out there but maybe we can find a way.  We should actually. 

Another main goal: PoC.  Each circle could deliver their own proof of concept, the targeted PoC for each circle.  Each circle has the internal discussion of what it spins out towards.  A certain point in the roadmap where DAOincubator "goes public", i.e. each circle opens itself up to external members.

But we need to have all our protocols well defined and so on before getting to such a point.  Also, going towards this PoC, we need our own DAO, gov mechanisms, bootstrap our own on chain governance system, possibly having multiple interoperable DAOs, something that signals to the ecosystem that we've achieved a way to get DAOs to interact on a meaningful level.  The point is to implement things that have not yet been incubated.  But we're currently in the self incubation phase when there's a danger of too much discussion of bureaucracy.  

Cory: On Cem's point around processes and how to open them up, at the research circle we could reach out to specific community members as we workshop papers, reach out to relevant teams, have them come on board to participate in these workshop sessions, directly address their painpoints and then decide on what deliverables come out of that.  It may not be equally applicable to every circle, but these kind of mechanics could serve as a guide -- bringing people into circles with a semi-official membership kind of thing and then finding what they can do to help the wider ecosystem within that circle.

Cem: Legal system is already operating this way, they have a telegram group.

Cory: From a concerete action item perspective, circles should come up with strategies for interacting with the outside ecosystem, and each of those groups could try to acquire funding by servicing those needs, especially legal, research and development.  Maybe not for governance, community, etc. 

Back to the website -- I'm trying to get push access to the repo, I made some changes to the copy underneath the ecosystem description, working on the about section.  One thing that we need clarity on: we have "experiments" header -- do we want to showcase a list of projects which ideally leads to a funding vector or helps us otherwise acquire funding \(through self promotion or whatever.\)  Keep financial sustainability in mind when deciding who to work with as an org.

Cem: After launching, Pedro asked if we could recede into our shell.  We don't want to talk too much or over promise.  We have a lot of love, and what we do will be seen/ heard.  Work on content publications, calls to research, always action oriented.  Our brand should be action-based, not comms for the sake of comms.  Who are we targeting?  Investors?  Others in the space?  We need to have a call about funding, and some answers will hopefully come out of that.  Dealing with EU will be very different from eealing with Aragon, for example.  I would say that in a very light or unnoticed way, moderating the community channel could be a solid deliverable on this.

Adam: isn't that an internal tool?

Pedro: in the face of such ambiguity, we could engage on a sprint -- five days working sync, async, one on one, whatever.  Define clear next steps.  Break down into 

## Pedro/ pragueDAO

It's an entity very similar to us, and they went ahead and asked for a lot of money on genesis dao.  The proposal didn't pass, and I think it's  very important for us to engage with them.  Have first contact.  \(with a letter like the one to CcHUB.\)  Let's talk to them and see how we can work togetehr in the ecosystem.  

I flagged taht vote and people started downvoting it.  This entity is very similar to us but much better funded.  I see no reason not to engage with them.  They are going for a physical space, which could be good for us.  It could be a learning experience in terms of ambassadorship.

Cem: I went to Prague with Pat, Dave is tehre, sorty of a director of the Founders INstitute?  They had an idea of a DAO for the city, which didn't really make sense to me but whatever.  A couple weeks after I left I was added to this prague dao discussion group, they started saying they wanted to use it as a physical space for events and incubees.  They were pitching it as a benefit to us, I said cool, they sent the proposal, and that's it.  There's no commitment from our side, but the intention was kind of to do it with us.  I doubt it's an alternative.  

Felipe: I can second what Cem said about Pat.  The incubator was supposed to be us, the expectation was that we would easily say yes.

Cem: So this proposal failed, we're proposed as the incubator of the space, which puts us in a good position to discuss terms.  So let's push the ambassadorship proposal forward Pedro.

Pedro: I didn't realize this was a physical space DAO, nor that we were invited specifically to participate.  That's the whole problem, they have communications issues.  There's a VC, which means contracts and terms but these were not disclosed.  A lot more needs to be disclosed before we engage.  There's a genesis DAO call tomorrow where they'll try to clarify things, but until then we can work on our own proposal which is nearly finished.  There's already a trello card for praguedao interaction and for the proposal, I'm glad to have clarified our relationship with them .  First contact took place. The next actionable is further clarification of terms and dealing with the rest of the requirements for the ambassadorship proposal.  Both are in the trello already.

Cory: should we walk the board right now? 

Pedro: I'll send a link...  But we're missing a clear plan on what to do with the money we receive.  We should break it down between us ... and eventually break it down for them as well.  We need to clarify what we'll be doing, not just ask for money.  That's the only key missing thing in my opinion.

Cem: but assigning the ambassadorship role, is that done?

Pedro: we deal wit hthe last dependency, and I'll push for a loomio proposal with all the moving parts.

## Pedro / Website content sprint

Pedro: I think it's important for us to see and play around with the site lili is building.  It's great and correctly expresses our id.  She needs help with the content before she can finish.  We need to agree on the   form, on a way  to express who the teammembers are.  There's anotehr thing about hosting -- we currently are on an expensive mail  plan.  I don't know how the hosting is going, but I have a proposal to use my own hosting plan \(which is supporting 50 sites right now\) and includes a super cheap custom mailbox.  We host the site there, we have access to 20 or 30 very cheap boxes, and that's it.  Wrapping up: please take a look at what lili has done.  Interact wit hthe content creation.  And I'll forward more details soon, but I wanted to put up this possibility for  discussion. 

Adam: Sounds good to me, objections? \(There were none.\)

PedroL: cool, I'll move forward on hosting!

## Pedro / Funding

Pedro: We have a good list with status, size of grants and opportunities.  Leading the EU grant thing.  We have the opportunity for some microgrants with genesisDAO, Aragon, and I added a long list of other possibilities \(on trello, Theo and others will add to that spreadsheet\).  

There are two main things here: self-funding is a priority.  Second, as Max said, the two things DAO candidates are looking for is funding strategy support and legal strategy support.  We need to have a funding sprint, to take care of ourselves and our incubatees, to look into how to best acquire funding.  

Max: What does a funding sprint entail?  

Pedro: coordinate/ push/ nudge for grant hunting, colony aragon daostack grant opportunities, ID next steps, etc. + outlining first steps.  

Max: who should do that?

Pedro: good question.  To be honest, I believe funding should have its own circle, but until it does, we could find volunteers for this sprint through trello or any other tool.



James D: there are currently 27 grant opportunities, we just need to prioritize which to focous on right now so we can move forward with an efficient plan. I can take a third of the list.  Maybe Pedro can take some and Theo.  Having a leader on funding will be critical moving forward.

Theo: Agree but I can't afford a sprint right now, but we need consolidation of priorities on this so we actually pull the trigger on some grants.  Insights on what's realistic in the short term would be helpful, and maybe look for a larger grant medium to long term. WOuld be great to have a sprint on.

Duncan: first step is to define what we have and then make the plan of attack moving forward.

Pedro: funding strategy sprint, not a granting sprint.

Max: I'd love to see a tasklist before decided to join this sprint or not.  

James: 27 names on the list, I was gonna break it up 9 9  9, then we see which grants look like they have the greatest value, which should be focused on short, medium and long term.  

Max: So you want someone to read the links and report back in a call?

Duncan: Yeah we could talk wednesday.

Max: OK I can take some.

## Pedro / Ambassadorship

DAOstack, Aragon, Colony, Moloch.  I know we all have our plates full but even baby steps help.

We have people on Aragon, not sure of the others.  Moloch has announced that they're now more open to new members, so we're oooking for volunteers.

Duncan: I'm working on another project with a moloch member so says it's harrder to get in because current members don't want their shares dilluted.  I can get more info on that soon, and we can always throw our names in.  Probably best to get in the first time, but just bear in mind that they're not really looking for new members.  Like someone \(Peter\) didn't get enough votes to get in.

Cem: An interesting strategy would be to have our Aeagon DAO agents represent us in Moloch DAO and we have actually ask Aragon for funds to put into Moloch.  

Pedro: Those are clear objectives, so let's break them down into tasks.

Max: Now?

Pedro: later, let's wrap up the call now?

COry: there's a trello task for this.

Cem: We'll communicate on this in the future.  Now, Tuna is working on process design, which could be useful as a visual hierarchy.

Tuna: For the moment, as a first priority, I'm trying to design and think about how we can process incubation from beginning to end.  After that, we can work on the design of the methodolofy of the structure of DAOincubator.  At the same time, if we can convince people we'll take care of them, it will be quite convincing for them.  Progress is viewable on Trello and Miro, please give feedback within this week.  And I'm happy to be with you.  

Cem: please check that out everyone \([https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FBYVQ-nJeyFCIPKJLOXYzxbccZF1O-P9s6Qe762oBTc/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FBYVQ-nJeyFCIPKJLOXYzxbccZF1O-P9s6Qe762oBTc/edit?usp=sharing)\)

Checkout:

Cem: I'm happy with everyone's input and I have some more stuff to share gbut I'll wait.

Cory: I'm gonna be working on web content.  IF we want to continue this conversation we can keep it going in this same hangout.  Trying to have the kickoff meeting for the research circle on this next coming monday, gonna send out a doodle, but we could postpone until we know who we want to incubate and tailoring our focus around that project's challenges.  

Theo: I'm looking forward to joinging research circle occasionally, getting gov and other stuff going soon.  I've been sick but will put in more time once I'm able.

Pedro: I gotta run but happy about the energy and achievements of this group so far, there's a long way to go but this is a great start.  Tomorrow, more clarifications on PragueDAO, website seems to be getting the love it needs, we'll do  a strategy sprint with ?? circle, ambassadorships should be broken down into trello tasks.  And finally, I think the DAO habitus isn't stable enough, so I'll rbeak its components into loomio votes \(slow due to holidays.\)  But for concensus, let's have a git environment, a staging ground.  

Max: I liked the meeting. I'd like us to start with more clarity around questions.  We sometimes get a lot of info but no actionables, so let's be more action oriented.  There are also so many activities going on, what's the main goal?  It would help us know how to coordinate our efforts more effectively.

James: Not much to say, but things are moving forward and we're tackling everything at once, but we are also progressing and it's exciting.  

Felipe: I'm happy about what we're doing, giving myself marching orders, making new copy for the site and for grantwritng.  Goinjg to attend blocksplit in croatia next week, let me know if I need to do anything for us out there.  We'll find a direction.  

Cem: Please send the DAO canvas to Tuna as well, there's good synergy around that kind of organizational thinking.  

Seth: No updates, but good to hear from you.  Waiting to see how I can get involved.

Tuna: I was mostly observing, so funding, site, structural basics, as you said, all are equally important in different ways, and it seems everything needs to be done at the same time, but we can do it, we just need to learn how to work together and build together.  Thanks.



