# Tactical 04.03.2019

Checklist:

* Check-in
  * Share a recent DAO-related eureka moment/news/milestone of yours
  * Introduce first-time participants to the group
    * Jordan, developer, interested in Trojan. Interested in DAO / Community incubator calls.
* Admin concerns \(timing, notes\)

## Agenda <a id="Agenda"></a>

### Dani / Medium article: Should we keep refining the article in private, or release a work-in-progress document and make this a public draft?

Dani: Publish or allow further input so it can be a full manifesto? Feedback please  
Philip: I’d like to have a read over first  
Cem: I like that it doesn’t read like a manifesto, and once the missing details are filled in I think we should publish.  
Max: I checked it out quickly but I also think if you put a request for comment we can make it more official based on that feedback.  
Phil: Having read it, I realize I’d already read it, and I really like it so I don’t know which version will be published but I’m behind it.  
Dani: We can publish on medium after discussing at ETHCC, and those not in Paris will be informed online. Jordan: It looks good and I trust your judgement, once edits are in let’s go.  
Adam: Looks pretty close to ready  
Cody: I’m still reading, will leave comments in the thread.  
Dani: thanks everyone.

### Dani / EthCC: Should we reach out to prospective partners \(EF, aragon, DAOstack, Colony, etc.\) to list them as partners of the initiative? Or do you think its too early?

Dani: we’ve talked to many interested parties and we can discuss at ETHCC launch, but these people say they want to support and I’d like an article identifying them as partners. We can discuss more at ETHCC. If you disagree please speak now.

### Max / DAOcon hackathon + VC

Max: Talked with Tomislav today, he’s organizing [DAOcon](http://daocon.io). They’re doing a DAO hackathon, which there might be a good opportunity for us to support, either by supplying judges, arranging something with our incubatees if we have some. Also we could engage some VCs to become judges or otherwise get involved in setting up framesworks for what the success of different models looks like, etc. Those are the thoughts for now, what do you think? Actionable?  
Cem: I like the jury idea, maybe we can explore further.  
Jordan: Having different VCs come in is good in the sense that there’s capital there, but we’d have to be very clear of the strings attached – don’t want anyone taking over a project by staking. The economics of a DAO will vary from project to project and we have to make sure that undue influence is not granted to anyone.  
Phil: I’m very interested in this event, I’ll likely be there, regarding the VCs, I agree with Jordi, but some VCs \(like Placeholder\) seem to understand the decentralized nature of this sort of projects and are actually willing to support the transition to decentralization, rather than capturing the value.  
Cory: to clarify, when we say setting up frameworks for what hte success of different models look like – is that something we’d want to defer to VCs for?  
Max: We’ve discussed how to evaluate DAOs, in terms of the value, the percentage of ownership an investor could reasonably be offered. So before investors come in, we should have some ideas on how to evaluate that.  
COry: Is this something we’d want to come up with internally, or consult a particular VC on this?  
Max: I don’t have a strong position.  
Cem: Maybe we can do it in cooperation with a VC that gets it.  
Cody: How do we want to present ourselves? If it’s as an R and D firm, we may not bneed to show that we’re earning revenue sometime, we can show success by delivering on a project.

Jordi / Purpose to get a further view of what projects are doing. Solicit progress and support. Meetings will consist of presentation. And then everybody can raise a hand ask or give feedback. Being completely cross-ecosystem.

### Jordi: We we’re talking about having a separate call

this could be the team call but there could be another specifically geared at facilitating cross ecosystem development. A community call for informal presentations about projects \(incubatee projects or otherwise\) and hopefully people attending would be from outside the org, and they could ask questions, give feedback, give their two cents. The goal is to spread awareness, seek feedback for thoughts, and query for support and assistance. “DAO incubator community forum” or something like that.  
Max: how often would this happen?  
Jordi: Not too often, but they could crop up once the community has proposed a presentation and others can vote on how they want to see it. Curating proposal list/ upvoting to determine which projects. Could record these calls so those who miss it can still see the proceedings.  
Max: You and theo moderate?  
Jordi: At first, but hopefully leadership could be decentralized over time. We’re seeking feedback right now, as well as support. I believe it could be a valuable institution in the longterm.  
Cem: I wrote my feedback with regards to the two layered community/ team structure. Daostack had a channel to facilitate presentations and had a pollinators group assembled from their community channel. This approach would be good to adopt, not only for recruiting but feedback and getting specific questions answered. We should make explicit that we’re not completely permissionless and open, we have preexisting goals and are still a lean, agile target oriented team. Close ourselves off to criticisms of being too centralized by making it clear that we’re a focused think/do tank.  
Jordi: We’ll make that clear in the announcement.  
Dani: I agree with the concept of tiered membership, a chat group, a working group, and to enter the DAO, you have to fit into one of several tiers of responsibilities. I also think that, we’re trying to coordinate with VCs rather than receive investments, but we should look at organizations that give grants so we can fund some projects, say Trojan, so it’s not pure volunteer work.  
Jordi: And how do you see that initial revenue of the Trojan project relating to this meeting?  
Dani: Once we’ve established what we’ll be doing with them we can say more about the terms of our coordination.  
Jordi: But we should definitely clarify that before talking to VCs/ the public about the project. We can discuss the terms of the new meeting here.  
Cem: As part of Pando’s roadmap, we’re building a rubric for interesting and coherent articles. Maybe that approach would be good for DAOincubator we could do something like that. See what needs to be written about, the timeline for publication, to show the world that we’re doing intellectual work in this area.  
Cody: Good idea. Having continuity between discreet articles that touch on crucial subjhects in the space, with the DAOinc as the thread connecting them.  
Phil: I like the idea, my only comment is I’m confused because I thought last week when we presented the trojan project, it seemed like we were having that type of meeting.  
Jordi: I’m sure presenting Trojan to the larger community makes sense, but in this case, we’d be allowing projects from outside our community as well. There’d also be a wider group of people to give input on the project being presented.  
Cem: We took Trojan off comm for now because there’s more work to be done there and for now we at daoinc need to focus on how we’re going to run ourselves. But a roadmap of how Trojan will fit into the scope of our mandate will come soon.  
Max: I love the idea, think it’s good to have tactical calls like today’s call separate from calls to discuss projects. Overtime, we can develop a structure for the best presentation formats \(e.g. VCs have their “10 slides” model; for daos, there could be: economic model, etc.\) Whitepaper format standardization could be really valuable for the flow of meetings.  
Cem: I really agree, and maybe when we have ver0.2 of the site, we can ask initiatives if they want to be published there, preliminary specs, community-facing announcements.  
Max: Not sure how many DAOs there will be, but maybe it can be a good playground for testing our own ideas.

Cody: I saw you guys have notes for the odyssey hackathon, but if anyone later today or this week wants to sync while in Paris, let me know.

### Closing round: how was today’s call?

Cody: Good, looking forward to seeing how it matures as we come up with action items related to specific DAOs, but it’s cool that we’re passing the ball around a lot.  
Jordan: I agree with those points, passing the ball and having the main sets of topics and taking notes as we go so that listeners don’t have to, and it will be interesting to see it evolve as projects progress.  
Phil: I’d like to figure out how I could contribute more, if this call is going to be weekly it needs to produce more.  
Max: it was pretty productive, many questions touched everybody’s feedback, thanks for your time and insights

### Haven't discussed

Dani / Keybase  
Max: I think this was something related to creating a keybase channel, but we’ll discuss this later.

Theo / Website: Does [https://daoincubator.org/](https://daoincubator.org/) work as a v1/MVP/first draft? Any ideas for future iterations \(content, functionality, design, …\)?

Theo / Discuss upcoming projects → summarise this in a Kanban/Trello board?

Theo / Odyssey hackathon: Review teams/projects in a call?

Theo / Trojan: Next steps?

