# Tactical 29.04.19

## Projects Updates

* DAO Crash Test

Max: The first DAO crash test took plaace, we had 9 people, polished 3 ideas.  It went pretty well for the start, there are some improvements to make before we launch the next one, hopefully in a couple weeks.

Theo: We got the research DAO idea, which was interesting and exciting.  I tlaked to Pedro and James about funding options, started the funding sprint but didn't really finish it.  Focus has been so far on the accelerator -- a  700000 EU budget for building a blockchain accelerator.

Pedro: The ATF is a taskforce I currently lead, I'd like  to  transform it into a WG that the incubator could help with its self organizing, and eventually work as a service we provide elsewhere.  

Dani: I had a call with  a very nice guy, we're  working together with Phil on DAO stuff w/ tribute, aragon, etc.  He's interested in DAOincubator, wants to sponsor us.  In return he wants proposals around visibility, meetups, or collaboration.  It's called webfirst ag.  They want to make bonding curves to invest in ecological things like renewing bee colonies, ponds, better building standards,  etc.  There could also be some granting possibilities involved there as well.  

## Discussion points

### Theo / Accelerator

Theo: Some context: next steps are written in discord, in the admin circle, something like the 5th latest post.  The EC published a call for proposals, the cocreation of a unique accelerator program for DLT solutions to sustainability challenges, drive change for the common good.  This could be a really good fit in terms of the focus on public goods.  From the angle of governance related projects we could make a contribution here.  But we can't do it alone, we need contact w/ EU projects, it's hard to apply, etc.  Deaadline is May 28th, maybe we can team up with others to jointly apply.  

So far, I got in touch with positive blockchain.io.  Lukas, Sandeep, ???, they've been talking to the EC through their Paris office.  They've been talking to consensus too.  They're a well networked consortium of projects, in short.  There are other members considered for this consortium.  If we take part in this proposal, we might take a leading role.  It's very complicated, we might not join at all through my employer, but I'd still be down to contribute through DAOincubator.  This week we want to have a call with the preliminiary consortium and figure out who can commit what time, who's taking the lead, etc.  I'd like to discuss whether this is worthwhile and define what DAOincubator can bring to this consortium.  Also what human/ financial resources would we contribute?  Do we like the consortium?  Want to join?  Or build a different one.  Who will take the lead from within DAOincubator, what roles will they commit to?  Communicate this back to them as quickly as possible.  SO do we want to do this?  

Dani: It's super interesting, everyone should read the EC call and the proposal being made by Lukas.  On about 70% of his deliverables, we are well equipped to help.  It would be nice to join the consortium for funding and credibility.  That will make it easier to propose DAO services to social-minded projects, so all positive.  But there's a lot to do by the 28th.  We should have a dedicated call, perhaps tomorrow, to come out with a list of what we should be doing.  And also need to look into what kind of legal entity we'd need to have to be eligible to receive funds.  It should be an EU entity.

Beth: I could also ask Silke about  that -- gnosis council is working with the legal circle -- we could  ask them about questions to register w/in  EU.  If that  helps?

Max: Yes but it also depends on the consortium, if someone else in the  consortium is taking the  lead in bureaucracy it might not matter.  Also, I have doubts about leading it because it will be focused on sustainability and could limit applications in that way.  It also doesn't say it's focused on DAOs, so we could participate but it's not an ideal fit.  I don't see what we've specifically built that we can contribute.

Theo: Good point Max, I agree the scope is blockchain not DAOs.  But in the sense that it would be a consortium, the accelerator would have educational and  other types of resources.  So we could take over mentorship around governance and let others take on other takss.  On the second point -- helping fulfill requests for mentors without getting deeply involved -- ...

Dani: I don't get why we can't  participate as DAOincubator.  Having someone specialize  in governance would be valuable for them.

Theo: WOuld be a ton of effort for us to lead this, too much HR and not enough experience.  It would take 10 people some weeks to get this proposal done properly, so we can't be in the driver's seat.

Felipe: there's some guys associated with redbook who specialize in writing calls and proposals, they're personal friends.  

Theo: ...

Pedro: Just a comment, I'm interested in this possibility.  I beleieve there was a comment from Felipe that even if we engage and fail, it could still be a great experience, and I agree.  

Felipe: Once we write this language, it's a commons.  The process of trying to figure ourselves out will be worthwhile.

Beth: templates of language for future grants.  Make good use of the effort that our people put into this.  If we have this now, the  next application will be easier. But also if people don't have a lot of bandwidth right now, that's a concern  too that we have to figure out.  

Theo: I think the call tomorrow is a good idea.  We should discuss the consortium members and more.  I think the main takeaway here is reputation and credibility more than money.  Although getting money would be good, I don't think we can  expect much.  The amount is not that huge, and the lead will  take it and distribute it among the consortium.  Our contribution will be relatively limited, so there might be some money but it shouldn't be the basis of our decision.

Dani: We should make sure we do get paid for  work we contribute though.

Theo: Let's talk to Lucas from Positiveblockchain tomorrow.  I don't actually know who's committed to join the consortium.  Given the size and track records of the other orgs involved, I think our participation would be limited and we woulnd't take over the majority of ops.  

Dani: Positivebc is working iwht consensus a lot, but they're basically just a site listing the positive projectrs in blockchain, so that's why they're  involved, but I don't know that they have protocols of their own.

Theo:  Yes their performance is limited but they've very well networked, that's presumably why they're involved.  So should we reach out to them?  Or talk amongst ourselves first.

Dani: I'd rather ID deliverables first and come to them with that.  

Felipe: Dani and Theo can define  the  low hanging fruit.

Theo: OK let's have a call tomorrow before reaching out to Lukas.

## Max / Strategic Session

by Sociocracy Impact Mapping

Max: If we got a million Eu tomorrow, are we clear on what we'd use them for?

Theo: 4/10 clarity.  Funding HR,  funding our time to work, those are clear ways to spend it.  The rest is unclear.  

Felipe: Very low, I still need to get to know everybody better.  My first contact with DAOincubator was months ago, before the vision shifted, so 1.

Beth: On the one hand, there are immediate priorities like signing us all up for  realtime board.  Looking into efficiencies.  Pro accounts for things, which are currently logistical blockers.  Beyond that cost, the  challenge would be to allocate   to  each circle and then have the circles decide.  If an angel investor gave us this amount, it would  be  a  way to clarify the overlap between circles without diving into the scarcity model now -- what can we do without funding.  So to put  a number  on it, 10 for those  basic things, 2 for the rest.  It would 

Adam:  2 or 3, for the same reasons as Beth.

Dani: around 8, buy BTC.  Kidding.  I agree with Beth.  Pay running expenses.  It's a bit inappropriate to go further before launching projects.  But we  could do some kind of DAOs that we have shares in, more like y combinator.  This would not only help us invest in the right projects and build the long term capital of DAOinc, but signal that we're the first group doing this.  If money was left over, infrastructure like offices, conference travel... so 7 or 8.

Beth: Also wanted to say -- having y combinator-like support for other DAOs, connecting them with people who can offer particular types of support \(internet dropped...\) agree that being able to directly invest in DAOs in addition to doing research could be  good.  Didn't realize that was on the table.

Pedro: 7.  Even though things are not crystal clear, we are developing a track record of healthy dispute resolution.  We maynot know how to get there, but our ability to build consensus is  promise, we're experimental and we rock.

Phil: 1-8 is a big spread, I'd be on the low side.  I think the promising thing is we can get to the high  side quickly, but at the moment we lack a clear idea of what we can deliver and because we're an emerging org.  It's hard to make plans. Apart from havaing an idea of what to do with it also means defining an allocation process, which we haven't done.  Not a roadblock.  I love Dani's idea of having a fund and spending 1/2  the money as he proposed.  The first things I could think of beyond the basic HR, subscriptions, etc. is to think about how to form programs and deliver on a roadmap for each circle.  Not also circle have deliverables, timelines, goals etc b/c we're not funded.  That would be a good way to go.

Max: From my side: 3.  I've heard interesting idea, especially wit hthe fund.  I thought to propose a synchronized strategic session around this but with several people calling themselves 8s it may not be necessary.  It's possible we can also do it if someone will need it.  

## Announcements

### Adam / Art/ design circle questionnaires

### Closing thoughts

Felipe: I think the  grant magnetized our attention, I enjoyed the call:

Phil: Good call, fast and efficient.  I like this idea from the end about synchronized strategic session.  Of course it would be easier if  we had the money, maybe we solve that first.

Beth: Don't forget to vote on the art circle thing!

Dani: Great call, thanks Theo and everyone else.  I hope this pushes us to GET that million dollars. We should have a deck ready for projects moving forward, in case we get the money.  And we need a website.

Pedro: I created a place in my hosting plan to have the site and I was waiting for a final OK from Lili to  make sure we don't launch something without her final OK.  Dani, I need to coordinate with you how to connect the domain to the hosting.  Meeting was good, we could improve trying to list the topics before the call.  The day before, put the topics together async.

Theo: I agree, efficient good call.  And I agree with Pedro.  maybe we can have a chat bot to remind us aabout that.  Awesome chat, good talking to you guys.

Max: I also liked the call, I'll formalize some of these ideas into a doc about the value we can provide for the world.  "Strategy" in terms of grant phrasing.  And maybe they'll ask for this plan before giving us the million.  Thanks everyone!

