# Tactical 11.03.2019

## Checklist

* Admin concerns \(timing, notes\)
* Check-in
  * Share a recent DAO-related eureka moment/news/milestone of yours
  * Introdfunctionnalitiesuce first-time participants to the group
* Projects updates
  * Trojan \(?\)

## Agenda

1\) Focus \(10 min\) refine our purpose & agree what tasks are immediate priority for DAOinc.

Max: The general purpose was to create more DAO experiments and more successful DAOs.  We currently have one project in the pipeline, so finding a way to help Trojan develop in their model, in funding, etc., supporting Trojan’s needs is a top priority.

Adam: interested in Trojan supporting Incubator and vice versa. We talk a lot about DAO being the future of orgs, but not much delivered. Exploring and understanding things beyond the token models can be helpful.

Jordan: I agree -- having DAOinc as a place for rapid iteration and R&D -- giving others access to this group can help them do what they’re trying to do.

Dani: transferring knowledge from experimentation and packaging it in a way that people can digest.

Cem: we need to have a different form of expression, I’d like DAOinc to build unique muscles in the sense of taking these DAOs and looking in a multifaceted way at these experiments while operating in an experimental way ourselves, in a way that provides knowledge and guidance for future DAO efforts.  Dogfooding, agile, learning force.

Phil: Creating successful DAO pilot\(s\) through research and experimentation, DO tank. Like multi-faceted approach, that’s why so hard to prioritize e.g. legal vs tech vs another aspect. Extract knowledge from practice.  

CEM: Is the platform designed toolkit a good fit?  Good offering?

Phil: I think so, they’ve been really coming to understand the decentralized world.

Cem: Eugenio\(?\) the founder is here with us.

James: I think the DAO inc could potentially give a lot of insight into legal structures, interoperability between daos, tokenomics, and more.

Cory: Which are all the projects that want to be incubated?  Can we plan around them participating in the hackathon? What are the features they’d like to see built, maybe we can design tracks around those features?  Connect them with partners that are better aligned with the features they want to see? We can reevaluate week by week and service these communities that way.  

Haythem: I agree with everyone, esp Jordan.  Research and experimentation so our work can help other projects, we can be leaders in building DAOs.

Pedro: I’m here for the knowledge production, to help with it, boost it, be part of such a powerful team.  A specific type of knowledge production that’s oriented toward decentralized gov.

2\) Establishing DAO practice \(10 min\) how do we balance dogfooding and efficiency?

Cem: start spawning DAOs using multiple protocols.  Distilling for a proposal \(maybe to genesis\). We already have a DAO on Aragon, so what would a roadmap look like to get people on there?  Berardi was talking about academia before big finance entered the picture, he was saying every little pocket and department had their own governance mechanisms and norms, so having subcultures in different parts of the DAO incubator could be an interesting approach.  We can discuss deliverables at point 4.

WHAT WOULD THESE SUBCULTURES BE?

Cem: The circles model.  Mechanism design can be one group, development, legal, grants and funding, anyone can be a member of several, but there should be native accountability and ownership practices within each circle.  Workflow should be coherent. Maybe mirroring Trojan’s structure, to begin with.

Adam: when we get into work it would be more clear, now abstract.

James: in Trojan we were playing with the artistic dep. \*hear badly\* that would be dealing with artists. Maybe we can use the circle.

Max: I like to be organic about things, the answers will emerge through practice, trying to prescribe things in advance may not be helpful.  We’re dealing with serious organizational challenges around efficiency, and having straightforward processes might be necessary off the bat. But knowing who’s responsible for what could really help.  The innovation process should not be innovative.

Cem: We should start using these technologies, find the roadblocks, and the roadblocks that we solve will help the incubatees not have to encounter it in the same way.  We can find these difficulties through experiments with different models so we have as many answers available for partner orgs when the time comes.

Theo: not in expense of efficiency. We can be lean, but keep the focus on efficiency and structure.

\*hear badly\*

3\) Organizational model \(15 min\) \(draw on realtime boards\): Circles:

* Mechanism design
* Dev
* Grants/Funding

4\) Assign creation of docs \(15 min\) \(for time reasons, we'll only match people to docs and conduct content-related discussion throughout the week in those sub-groups\)

Cem: To be neutral and research tech beforehand, we should have ambassadors to each major DAO “platform” so we can be perceived as equidistant from each, not favoring one solution of another.  


Dani: we want to enhance communication between different decentralized governance projects.  


Cory: by next week we can discuss the specifics of how this gets done.  


Cem: We need more deadlines.  The purpose is to develop a unique language with each protocol, be an efficient passageway between the DAO and the protocol, and the clear statement that we don’t have more of a vested interest in one than the other and so that it’s clear and publicly viewable how we’re interacting with each.    


Purpose of the ambassador: represent the DAO Incubator within tech platforms ecosystems \(e.g. Aragon, DAO Stack\)

Cory and Cem will work on this.  

4a\) Aragon DAO launch proposal: to be published in aragon forum \(Dani\)

Do we want to apply for the next AGP or Nest?

We can create same docs for Aragon and DAO Stack.

4b\) DAOstack DAO launch proposal: to be published in Genesis as proposal

4c\) Membership protocol

4d\) Client onboarding protocol: projects/clients: decide on practice & means 4d1\) internal onepager - what to look for

4d2\) external Applicant form - request necessary information

4d3\) applicant guidelines: minimum requirements? Scoring?

4e\) DAOinc ambassadors: DAOstack, Colony, Aragon

4f\) Grants & ecosystem mapping

Owner: Beth, Theo & Cem will collaborate. Also grants and investments

4g\) Article v2 publication

Saw comments, thanks

4h\) Website design

Max: Dani asked me to improve the site’s design before publishing the article, so I saw that we need to start with the logo.  Check DAOincubator.org and please leave feedback for Max. \(Examples and comments will go in telegram group\)

Cem: on the website, once the circles are formed, we can expand the team listings on the site.

4i\) Budgeting for DAOinc: Create a budget doc which will be incorporated into the grant requests Create best practices for inc budgeting

Theo will take the lead, all are welcome to lend a hand. \(Max will help\)

4j\) Trello: creating a policy to store all tasks on trello. Maybe somebody will have questions ot rejections

Max: I’ve seen there are some tasks being generated in the chat, I’d propose putting them on trello because the format of the chat makes it hard to track tasks, keep up with overdue tasks.  I suggest storing that all in Trello. I suggested discussing it here in case of objections/ clarifying questions.

Cem: Pedro brought it up and I’m happy that the process is being adopted, we should use it way more.  

4k\) post-EthCC blog post: \(Phil\)

Is anyone else publishing about this event?

Phil: I don’t know if it’s relevant, was just reading article V2 and we haven’t talked about what content we’ll be sharing.  There’s no DAO inc publication at the moment. Do we want content published around what we do, and our research and the projects we take on?

Cem: One of our initial intentions on the think tank side was creating new governance schemes, etc.  With Dani and I being research leads, we could have a research ring which people could join by getting in touch with Dani.

Pedro: Maybe invitations to Circles can be managed through trello, that might be a good way to bootstrap ideas into actionables.  

Message: reflect on EthCC

Cory -- can we make a system of using tags when we add tickets so that we can organize organically that way, rather than defining rings in advance and forcing ourselves to fit that scheme.

Beth:

5\) legal working group \(5 min\) Connect COALA, legaltech.center and others \(Phil, Beth, Dani\)

Phil: there has been so much comment on the legal side of DAOs, it’s really important in terms of real life implications of DAOs.  Some people are really involved in this research, Crypto Law Review, COALA, and others. We should establish a connection with them and see how we can leverage their work in support of incubatees.  I can take the lead on this.

6\) other stuff \(5 min\)

Cem: Maybe the way we’re going with ecosystem mapping, if we could map out our team on realtime board to model our workflow that way, it could be useful.  My feedback is that this has been a great call. If we hit these action points hard, we’ll be having a real genesis soon.

Pedro: Worth outlining that the most important aspect of dogfooding is decreasing the cost and tension of interacting with DAO Incubator.  Actions along these lines include real time board, trello, and making their use seamless/ frictionless, trust-minimizing, less costly in terms of attention.  




Max / mid May Malta blockchain week

Max / satisfying Trojan DAO needs – who's responsible

Max / expertise fields and leads

Max / setup expert calls for incubator?

Max / DAO list \(article, wiki, forum\) + reviews + case studies

Max / DAO Inc website / logo

Max / Recording tasks to trello

