# Tactical 03.06.19

## Updates \(what was achieved since the last call\)

* Dani – got feedback from the call, will publish the article soon. Present the incubation procedure.
* Beth – can use help with the incubation process. Legal design working group – for last months were selecting the project to focus on. Performing a walkthrough on the implications of legal issues. Will share the process draft soon. Have a call tomorrow with the advisor. We need to have a design audit, e.g. the slide deck, logo etc. Also media platform. Will discuss with Adam, when he's in Berlin – you can connect too. Meeting with people from Full Node regarding the incubation procedure.
* Theo – no updates
* James S – got off the call with Dani, about the Academy DAO on Apiary. Would be possible. Initial coin offering may come before though. Discussing the possible solution. Participating in the Beth workshop regarding the stakeholders in the DAO. Working on a couple of contracts with Lexon.
* Pedro – Submitted DAO2DAO proposal on GenDAO, a significant milestone, important step for knowledge production. Would love to have your support on that. Are about to launch the DAO Landscape report
* Haythem – catching up with James on the Academia
* Marina – was working with Beth on the legal group, organizing the meetup on that topic soon
* Max – did the Crash Test 2, 4 people present, improved 1 idea. Thinking a specific Crash Test for the Aragon Network \(test Nest, Gov proposals, DAO ideas\).

## James S / Academy DAO

Token is launching in July. Would be nice to have DAO incubator and Trojan will exchange ETH collected in the crowdsale.

Dani: In Apiary it goes to the discretionary fund that goes to the org. We can have terms for e.g. first year. Opportunities: 1\) way – getting governance into the DAO or 2\) get payments 3\) consulting. Happy about the proposal to grow on the projects we incubate.

Feedback?

* What's with that crowdsale? Maybe a bit premature, not on the mainchain. Maybe duplicate accounts or smth.
* Pedro – could someone lead this from DAO inc? James and Beth are working on this together. Marina will also support ok.

James – next step would be setting the multisig and minime token.

## Max / Web 3 – give me content

Fits more in Day2 \(mechanics, applications, bonding curves etc\).

Formats:

* Lightning talks \(10 mins for  demos\) – Who wants to resent and what
* Fishbowls / panel – what are import questions we need to discuss \(and select experts\)
* 1-2 workshop \(4 hours in total\) – which skills we want develop 
  * Aragon

## Pedro / We have a full free subscription for Gitbook

All this topic, events, outcomes, artifacts etc – we can use gitbook more for this.

## Dani / Transfer your email

Pedro: can guide you through personally. Depends on the mail client. You can also use web client, but it sucks. 

Theo: how to disable the google cloud? Is there a particular option for that.

Max: no need in the email so far.

## Closing round

* Pedro: Some technical issues are there \(can't connect on Linux\). Also some people forget to mute mics. If we have discussion topic preliminary – it works best. Happy for the progress we're having
* Beth: awesome, thanks \(will send the details on the tomorrow session\)
* Theo: great call, looking for the design session
* Dani: all good \(almost $400 are spent for the emails – pls transfer\)
* James S: super excited about tomorrow session. Looking forward to catch up soon.
* Marina: thanks for the call, excited about the meetup
* Haythem: good call with catch up
* Max: great work, let's continue!

