---
description: meeting notes
---

# Tactical 18.03.2019

Cem: People should put names on their jitsi accounts so we know who’s on the call.  


Cem: on the Trello -- we have a bunch of unclaimed items on here.  We also want to fill out circles/ roles. The tasks on trello are there so we can see who the owner is.  The owner should figure out how to execute them. We can also have a sort of feedback mechanism this way to see who tends towards what tasks.    


Cem: We tested the onboarding proposal with Marina, welcome Marina.  


Marina: It’s my first call so I’m mostly going to listen and learn, but thanks for having me and thanks to Phil for the invitation.  


Cem: We’re still learning too.  Trying to match tasks to people, crystallize roles, and build accountability.  It shouldn’t be a taboo that if people have extremely low bandwidth they can’t make it.  We’re all busy, we get it.  


Phil: I saw one list in the form and the other in the Miro board, so there may be overlapping roles/ tasks, roles given different names in different places.  


Cem: The google forms one is the latest version, and not many people have access to the realtime boards for now, so think of the google forms version as the latest.  You also had some comments on how to structure these circles?  


Phil: I’m a little lost because we have so many channels open  


Marina: What is “diplomacy”?  I saw that on the list.  


Cem: Creating roles for ambassadors for others in the ecosystem such as Aragon, etc.  It will create a protocol for communications with these players and help us stay neutral and forms an operational valve between DAOInc and these other protocols.  There’s maybe a risk of capture, etc. by doing it this way, but it may still be a good system, it’s up to everyone whether we ultimately adopt it.  


Theo: I’ve been researching the grants situation, probably gonna focus on one or two of the most promising and then pursue those by writing up proposals.  Talked to Sebastian from ?? network and they might be interested in participating in the group. The EU grant from the Trello board is huge and we could be a good fit for it, so it might make sense to prepare a proper application to that, the deadline is in September.    


Phil: To clarify, you mean a grant for DAOInc, or for funds for incubatees?  


Theo: Both, the grant doesn’t specify too much.  I was also talking to Stefano from the Aragon Org, and he’s really interested to hear from us.  Once we have something to deliver, we should make sure we send it his way.  


Max: Thinking about how to optimize workflow and hopefully to have two DACs, one for incubatee expertise and one for admin.  


Phil: Been working on the membership dash onboarding and we have some sort of basic version of the protocol for adding new members that started with a draft by Cem and that we updated, and at this point I wonder what we do with that and how we converge on some type of “version 1”.  How do we agree when its stabilized?  


Cem: Agree and bring to life.  For instance today, we should keep following the process.  Let’s not add people until we’ve followed the process. We can maybe formalize this process on Loomio.  Proposals go to Loomio, if it gets endorsed by 3 people, then we can add people to the telegram group.  


Cem: Your help on these docs is really appreciated and I urge everyone to pick up any of them, add yourself as an owner on Trello, and  


Phil: We also need a week or two to improve our communications methods  


Cem: I’d go with discord right now, because every new telegram message dilutes the previous one  


Pedro: We had a quick poll on telegram about doing a github experiment.  If we could try more test based comms with trello, loomio, github, so we can be more grounded on those pragmatic approaches.  


Cem: I agree with the intention but we have varying degrees of experience with Github, so maybe starting with discord and then moving forward with github, that could be a good strategy.  Discord as a fast paced communications channel, not as a total substitute.  


Dani: And I’m proposing keybase because I hate the spam and random texts on discord.  Lots of scams.  


Pedro: I started a private repository called DAOInc governance.  We can use it for the kanban, storing past docs, records of decisions we’ve made.  **Ping me if you want access.**    


Max: Overall on the organization tools I really like clarity, I feel that I’d be more comfortable if at first we had one person curating decisions around that.  For example, it’s either one person who consults with everyone but is responsible for getting feedback on the integration of a tool, or some other decision making process like holacracy.  I’m kind of struggling now, I don’t know what would be the best way. Maybe some centralization at the beginning to get us started, then go in a more decentralized direction. But I’d say to ahve one person leading this.  


Dani: You’re asking for a facilitator of some kind.  


Max: We’re all leaders here, I don’t want to override other people’s decision, but if someone had a leadership position to make calls on this.  


Cem: But we’d still have a kanban, if you’re looking for a task, get it there, but we do need someone to take the lead on initiatives.  Phil could do some, Pedro could guide the group on gitbook, etc.  


Dani: I updated all the resources on the trello part fo the board and published the article introducing DAOInc.  We also met with Aragon leadership over the weekend. We need to discuss how we’ll allocate tokens/ share value within the system.  My idea is to give everyone in the working gropu one token so we have an equal vote. IN a couple month, yalda\(?\) the planning suite will introduce a voting system so we can introduce reputation, voting, and so on.  


Cem: I kind of lost track of what I did, we still have the mapping out of funding options, creating an ecosystem map, this should all go on the trello, which will be led by beth.  I started doing the realtime board that phil was discussing. I created the membership protocol, ambassadorship proposal, with Phil and Cory respectively, met with Lili for website improvements.  She’ll be available to help more next week. I also started typing up a DAOInc launch proposal and had a conversation with Pat where he was asking for very clear deliverables, I told him that’s the wrong question because we’re trying to lead experiments, not be numbers driven.  I’m also writing a proposal for this artsy but entertaining piece called Clave Angelicae -- they’re creating magical sigils on the Ethereum network by taking a word you provide, hashing it, taking every 10th number of the hash, and mapping it onto a shape and “mystical flower.” I was thinking for each DAO we incubate, we can create a sigil inspired by the governance scheme, the participation width, etc.  I got in touch with the artist and he showed some interest in collabing. I wrote a proposal, I made a loomio account.  


Simbouras: Your proposal looks interested, I’d like to actually help with that.  We also have a trello for the Trojan foundation now, so you can see tasks, background material, and concerning tools and development, it’s a very good idea to have some facilitation at the preliminary stage, one person we can go to to discuss protocol so we can move forward more seamlessly.    


Cem: Let’s find candidates within the group for facilitator/ comms lead, nominate from within and without DAOInc.  


Simbouras: maybe we can generate a vote on this.  Trojan: our MVP is to move forward with the bonding curve crowdfunding aspect and flesh this out.  We need to run more tests on the contracts that we have, do some research on Aragon’s toolkit to help us test and move forward quickly yet effectively.  We’re also looking at some other elements like 3box for profiles and Portis for wallets. We want to create a win win scenario whereby projects onboarded to Trojan have an easy path to getting funded by it.  There’s also a mechanism to allocate a percentage of revenue to the community fund.  


Cem: Can you mention the document you’re creating?  It can help those on the call understand how we can help you.  Governance, mechanism design, partnerships  


James S: We’re working on a document as a proposal for DAOStack and Aragon where we list our governance needs to them and can hopefully come up with a proposal this week.  There’s a lot of details in the trojan architecture document. Also looking at different paths to funding, we want to look at some grants and having a document ready for that.  


Cem: It would be great if we had this doc that leads to architecture but also partnerships, funding, the Trojan token, so that for the DAOInc member, they can see on that doc a list of categories and see where they can be most effective in helping Trojan.  


Simbouras: That’s the Trojan architecture document.  


Cem: It needs to be quite short though, but we can discuss this later.    


Duncan: I can help with finding funding, the list looks really good but I can maybe add some more.  I also have an EU contact we can maybe reach out to. This week I’m going to an intensive python bootcamp which is exciting but I’ll be thin on bandwidth for the next 2-3 weeks.  


Cem: Some opportunities to discuss, because Theo was talking about potential future incubations.  Relating to the legal circle, I linked a doc called Contributive Commons License -- this creates a logic where you have open source contents that can hook up to simple business logic.  So you can generate funding from your open source initiative, or have usage cause money to be sent to charities, and more. There are some requirements there -- seeing it with a legal eye, a lot of cryptolawyers have been impressed by this.  But we can always help in that area, and we’d need to make the smart contract that could inscribe this logic. I was also added to a telegram group by Pat with this Caribbean DAO initiative based on DAOStack. Caribbean Blockchain Network. They’re excited to have our involvement in their processes.  I can link the messages they’ve been sending. I’d ask one question: going forward, how do we see these roles crystallizing further? I’m gonna take the data from the forms and say this person has alligned with these kinds of roles.  


Max: Maybe roles should arise out of tensions.  We need tweets, we can create a social media manager.  Discuss together to purpose of the role/ responsibilities entailed by it.  Self-appointment is good for tasks but for roles we need something more formal.  


Cem: I like it but it has a high attention cost.  Hard when we’re only meeting once a week.

  Pedro: This is a challenge on holocracy but it shouldn’t be a deal breaker.  We can consider it later. I also have some updates: we just had a meeting which Max attended as well, regarding DAO landscape mapping plus research on previous mapping attempts, it’s super promising.  I think we should have the DAOINC CO on it. Regarding the onboarding, I think ECSA has some very interesting documentation that could help us there I’ll be meeting with them tomorrow and hopefully come out with something more on that.  I also started something gitbased that integrates gitbook, kanban board, to act as a shelter for stuff we’ve worked on.  


Cem: Who’s leading this ecosystem mapping?  


Pedro: Grace -- she wrote dozens of white papers and recently joined the genesis ? DAO.  We’ve known eachother for awhile and recently discussed actionables on the roadmap. I believe we can better introduce this in a proposal or doc after this meeting.    


Jordan: Had a meeting with Adam, James, Haythem to discuss next steps for Trojan.  We have bonding curve contracts but bneed to do better testing to make sure the math works out before moving onto more DAO integration.    


Cem: I want to urge everyone to pick up unwanted Trello tasks and see them through.  James will also give us this document that lists action vectors between Troj and DAO INC.  Discord as the main comms channel, github for mapping docs/ as the decentralized mind map.  


Duncan: I also want to bring up Moloch -- how do we want to approach their team?  It’s literally run by two people, Ameen who doesn’t have much bandwidth to jump on calls like this one -- but if there are any thoughts on what questions to ask them, etc, could be good.  They’ll start funding maybe next week when their UI comes out.  


Cem: THey require staking 100 ETH for membership which is out of the question right now, but we could do a workshop with Moloch DAO so devs in our domain see what tehy’re doing for security, governance, etc.  To help diffuse the knowledge to the larger ecosystem, education could be a good starting point. We can also provide them with clear funding targets from our incubatees, etc.









  


