# Tactical 20.05.19

## Adam/ Resort the order of discussion points

Meeting format: names indicate who will lead that section of the discussion. At 10 minutes to the end of the call, we'll skip from wherever we are to the asterisked agenda item\*\* for a lightning round

### Adam / Add announcements and discussion points

that are not listed, and rearrange the order of topics in case anyone is worried about an important topic getting missed because it's too low in the agenda

## Announcements

### Adam / Max's 2nd DAO Crash test is this wednesday

Please sign up if you haven't already

### Adam / Orientation guidelines added to current operating procedure

The [guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U7CO2Qw8Utf_0_uyeeJ1X6WSY0C7C1ki2F59kwy724w/edit?usp=sharing) were adopted via [loomio](https://www.loomio.org/p/ql5AUFVf?back_to=https:%2F%2Fwww.loomio.org%2Fd%2Fqe0WU2gi%2Festablishing-an-orientation-procedure&membership_token=g5ST9oZZ4hc4DURofzgAdoyp&utm_campaign=poll_mailer&utm_medium=email&utm_source=poll_expired_author) vote

### Pedro / All intercircle topics and actions get Trello cards 

### Adam / Call for more devs to join the Trojan Foundation

The TF is looking for more dev support -- any thoughts on where we can find support, possibly support who would agree that its pay be conditional on TF's success in fundraising/grant seeking?

Beth: It'll be easier to get more participating devs to get onboard/storytelling purposes if we know that we're going with Aragon or Moloch.

James: Discussed the possibility of assigning dev lead to someone \(Haythem?\) while James deals with community building.  Everyone in the TF would like to have a dev lead who we can interact with but who will take charge of the project.

Beth: we can also discuss more off the call

### Pedro + Beth + Adam / Pursuing limited short term funding solutions

We're working on some genDAO proposals that will, at least one of them, the DAO2DAO and maybe more, bring in some small but concrete funding to DAOincubator.  \(Describe\)

Related thoughts: With short term funding, we could establish a "keep the lights on" fund to cover domain expenses, etc. Speculation with some of these funds could help this fund from being drained.

Pedro: started with the first rounds of ambassadorship proposal.  People had a lot of questions about how and why we should do that.  I think we should get paid to answer questions.  In many ways this is a really interesting opportunity, aligned with many things we're already doing -- short term funding, knowledge production, modules, ...

Beth: Also shows that this is what DAOinucator does in terms of supporting daos, it would be a good tangible way to represent us.  Any feedback anyone has is welcome.

Pedro: It's cool in many ways, and we started this topic around short term funding.  Not everyone is financially comfortable, we need to keep the lights on, voluntary work can only get us so far.  This initial attempt is open for participation.

Dani: And on longterm funding -- we're working iwth more established players who will ask for things like a deck.

Beth: I'd ask the designer of our materials to help with a deck for branding.  Are we paying her?  Should we ask her for help with this?

### Adam + Pedro / Seeking feedback ahead of our union call

Beth: This is mainly a question for US orgs -- what capacity do DAOs have to expand what unions currently do?  Access to healthcare -- credit union type thing, ensuring everyone has the right needs covered with healthcare.  Esp for firefighters who do this part time and may not have standard healthcare plans for your family members.  Start to form a picture of how DAOs can offer a healthcare support network.  Maternity leave support is tied in here.  Especially in the gig economy that can be an issue.  Also understanding about the landscape in general.  Also: what kind of mechanisms do unions have in place for organization, weighted voting.  There's lots we can learn from them.  Would be awesome to support an existing union or help another come up, and get as much documentation about organizing as possible.  Also representation: being able to bring up grievances.

### Pedro + Adam / We've made progress on the site, but still behind

Help is always welcome

## Discussion

### Adam / Tuna's procedure proposal passed. It's time to pilot it

What roles will be required for a minimum viable pilot?

Pedro: I was thinking that if we don't have an immediate obvious pilot program in front of us, we can pilot the pilot -- doa rehearsal -- use the procedure on an imaginary siutation before testing it out on a real party.

Beth: Since we're self incubating, couldn't we legitimately test this on ourselves?

Dani: It's not the same doing it to ourselves vs someone else.  We gotta look at who we've already talked to and who we start with.  If we do a short rehearsal of a couple weeks, it could be compensated.  We can onboard the project as this is happening and then do the "real" project's incubation next.

Beth: We could do starfish ecosystem DAO is hosted at fullnode, would be really from the storytelling standpoint among other.  It's also hosted on Aragon and has an active community of people who have been working on token engineering for it.  If there are physical things required, we have a physical space and the people who work in it are interested in documenting processes, and could maybe be conscripted into helping document this.  We could see if some of our funding could help cover this.  We'll be able to dictate the direction of how this goes, and it already has a strong community behind it.  



