# Tactical 06.05.19

## Adam/ Resort the order of discussion points

Meeting format: names indicate who will lead that section of the discussion. At 10 minutes to the end of the call, we'll skip from wherever we are to the asterisked agenda item\*\* for a lightning round

### Adam / Add announcements and discussion points

that are not listed, and rearrange the order of topics in case anyone is worried about an important topic getting missed because it's too low in the agenda

## Discussion

### Theo / EC Grant

"I added a brief comment on the EU grant. The consortium needs a leading organisation \(neither consensys nor giz blockchain lab can do it\). This is critical, without a lead the consortium and the application would likely not happen. Any ideas who has the manpower and the credibility to take on the lead role?"

Cem: I participated in all of the clal, the issue here is ... EU grant is requiring the consrtium to put 5% of the 700K allocation, but this can also be done in a way where you commit to working pro bono.  There are very interesting orgs including GIZ, positive blockchain, there's a good synergy in the group but we need an established org with org'l appeal to the EU, consensus doesn't want it, GIZ can't.  So there has to be someone to take over that.  If we can think of any orgs that has such admin capacity, integrity towards state level, and funds to allocate and the ability to coordinate other actors inside the consortium, we should pitch it to them.  

No response.

### Pedro  / Roles, their descriptions and how they get assigned

What gaps exist in the current roles?  Can we establish a general process for filling gaps once they're identified?

Also, our _offboarding_ procedure fell by the wayside awhile back, perhaps it's time to revisit it?

Pedro: I was thinkg we should have a process to fill the gaps.  E.g. we've been struggling with website development, maybe we need a specific team assigned to that.  We should have a process for filling these gaps.  Besides that, in terms of self-incubation, we should revisit off boarding as a concept, how low bandwidth is too low?

Cem: The idea was to activate our circles and roles with both push and pull factors.  The push factor would be to create the space ledger that pedr osuggested, having an attribution ledger where we actually acknowledge the work being done inside our workflow so we can see who did what.  Not to ID an employee of the month , but to determine activity metrics.  Maybe Pedro can elaborate more on our own types of roles, not downloading "PM", account lead, etc.  Unique roles oriented towards our own processes.  

Max: in self-orgnaizing holacracy... we have many circles and roles that came about not out of necessity, we did it because we wanted to.  But if we decided to create a role, in holocracy if there's a role and no one is assigned to it, the circle leader needs to take it or delegate it.  The lead link is usually the point of decission making.  

Cem: I think the alternative is object based interaction, following a process from the beginning to the end, which could tie into what max is alluding to, that everything is sourced from a need.  In the incubtion process, all  the needs will surface, so we won't be inventing circles but bring them to life as we need them.  Tuna's process design is  a good opportunity to fit that into a process.  

Adam: So should some circles be torn down for now?

Cem: We can just follow a process and say ok the name research scircle makes sense while we're organizing this workflow that arises naturally.  The ones that don't get used as much, we can ask if there's an external use that could be needed in another case but wasn't in this one?  If not, maybe scrap it.  And by the way, a process for the call, please stick to it.

Beth: i was gonna say that i agree with what max said about circle leaders taking responsibility for un-chosen tasks of the circle and am down to take that on with cirlces i'm a leader of \(legal, research, art/design\). also plan on implementing with those circles the two steps i've identified that would be helpfulbeth mccarthy08:19:39\#1 having[legal@daoincubator.org](mailto:legal@daoincubator.org)email address that can be used forcalendar, cc'ing everyone etc . \[but the reason i haven't done this is ebcause the email address for daoincubator wasnt working at al??? has this been fixed?\)  2 having regularly scheduled circle meetings, ideally a mix of call+IRL option for people who can convene IRL.  starting tomorrow i'll be holding mechanism deisgn working group weeekly at full node tuesday nights 18:00-20:00 so was thinking legal circle and art/design circles could come meet at full node the hour before, 17:00-18:00 if they want

Pedro: 

Phil: The difference between Cem's alternative and Max's one is the role of circles' leaders. Is there some clarity with respect to who leads what? I have the impression that there are multiple leaders at least for some circles. It's difficult to have people acting as leads when they have peers leaders in the same circle. It dilutes responsibility, it's like having no leaders actually \(I've heard of 4 leaders for one circle, I might got that wrong\)

Pedro: Leads for objects, intiatives and efforts.  Circle leads are not working.  Let's focus on project stewardship.  I propose dropping circle leads entirely and revisit our trello board, and define stewards for each group of tasks, or card, etc.  Let's find one or two stewards max for each card we create, or group of cards we create.

Dani: I disagree, the circles have been working well.  The legal circle has weekly calls, participation from outside.  

Cem: I partly agree with Pedro but I think we can do object based methodology in the circle.  We need a revision but can doit without tearing down everything we've built.  We need transfer of best practices better than complaints.  The clegal circle is working, we just need more  commitment.  We  need a ratio of activity/how much someone contributes to criticism, and that ratio defines their voting power they offer.  I feel some people are offering more noise than signal.  To have more voice, we should contribute more. That will drive productivity, especially if we combine it with object based approaches.  We need all these things though.  I don't know if circles are good or bad but we need an object based approached an attribution so that people will have the confidence they'll be acknowledged.

Pedro: I think circles are great, just saying we give up on attempts to have a signle lead for each, so that circles can be more horizontal.

Beth: I actually disagree just because knowing I'm a lead in these three circles gives me autonomy and knowing that cricles will be active in a ertain way.  

Cem: Just to mention one more thing, we have two divergent directions proposed, one completely horizontal and the other with just a single lead -- I have sympathy for both, clarity of one lead is attractive, they can delegate things that enables the horizontal structure to work. Copying legal circle's success for others.  

Beth: Was just trying to say that i terms of initiatives I'd want to be doing anyways,and DAOinc gives us the strcuture to do it, and having leadership of circles allows me to push these thigns forward. ... The legal call is every ofther Tues at 5, if you want to come to full node and stay for mech design WG, we can meet in person thre.  The mech design for may ... The other proposal I was going to make is on the other tuesdays, have research for art/design or, becuase the legal group has the most tie in to people who aren't on this call, one week could be the research meeting one could be art and design.  But the point is I intend to expand this structure if you all agree, as it's worked quite well for the legal circle.  THoughts?

James S: WHat strucutre of call?  

Beth: Dani brought the nexus guy once, that was really valuable. WE've been doing a lot of activities connected to legal circle.  For design a monthly or bieweekly check in call that's scheduled for when we all talk, I thought the tests were incredibly valuble and this could be too.  If it happens right before the WG that could be useful too.  To have that day of the WG be devoted to what we talk about there, that's an option.  Art circle people can discuss this offline.  ANother thing I wanted to share that's related is that as part of the starfish ecossytem, I've been in talks with fullnode  about hosting DAOinc for 3 months over the summer as a physical presence in this space in Berlin.  Building out a greater program around incubation  procedure.  That could give it more grounding in this physical space, which is tangible for people like me and james based on our discussions. IT's helpful to work synchronously sometimes.  I'm writing up the proposal that I'll be sharing with fullnode.  \(\)Adam had internet problemsPedro: totally down, looking forward to the proposal beth./

Beth: they're excited to host us too and excited about that.  Will follow up with a draft in a few days.  

Cem: I want to thank you

### Adam / Circles 

Some circles don't have a leader, so it's hard to track who's responsible for what.

More importantly, many circles are still not functional.  DAOincubator members are currently voting on an [incubation procedure](https://www.loomio.org/d/XWlsrdyG/incubation-procedure-vote) that calls for circles to collaborate directly with pre-DAOs, which, whether it passes or not, goes to show that it's time for all circles to take shape.  This was supposed to happen organically, and it did in circles, but in others it didn't.  While most of the progress in circle's should be internally driven, it's worth considering a concerted effort to whip the lagging circles into shape \(including the one I lead.\)

I'm throwing it open to the group to discuss what this intervention looks like, but in my opinion, "taking shape" entails, at a minimum, identifying a leader as well as defining the circle's mandate.  

Now or soon, each circle must also define something resembling operating procedures: How does the circle manage communications with non-circle, non-WG entities?  How does it manage comms _with_ other circles and the WG? Are regular meetings essential to the circle's proper functioning?  And if not, what should be the procedure for identifying and attending to responsibilities within the circle?

### Pedro / Others Grants and funding sources

We're missing out on a good number of grant/microgrant opportunities -- not only organizational grants but also personal, artistic, etc. We've already assessed that legal and funding are the things needed most urgently at the moment.  

Also, we've ID'd funding as a priority, so it would seem that we need a funding circle.

### Adam / The website: how are we going to knock this out?

The site is a good case study of a tangible deliverable that we're struggling to deliver.  How can we do better, both here and in other goals we've set for ourselves?  Is the problem a lack of role definition?  A lack of engagement?

CEM: Divide and identify tasks, administrative circle can do that.  Give each task a priority and use the space ledger and give everyone points, from which we create an attribution and compenseation method for the future.  

Pedro: To unpack a bit what Cem just said ,the website is something that’s right in front of us.  It’s a useful case study to prune and polish our processes.  Let’s make it happen, make some short term decisions, so we don’t have to wait for experimental processes to come up.  The way I see it, there’s the backend thing with Https, with email, with access to the backend, there’s the content, and the overall website roadmap planning.  What do we want to have in it and so on.  This is what I understand of the different areas, and each area is lacking .  I took responsibility for hte backend but I don’t enjoy it, I can continue doing it but we need help with content, with planning .  We delivered an early thing but this is the representation of our digital persona.  I agree with testing experimental processes but I’d also love to see shortterm decisions made to have people step forward and improve.  

Beth: For me with regards to these three particular circle,s I’m down to be the point person, and if Dani’s saying let’s iterate fast and add stuff on the fly, it would be a useful project in terms of PM to talk to adam and say here’s the MVP of what we need describing the actions of these circles.  Do we want text,  a diagram, etc?  ITerate fast, get it up, and keep moving forward.  For the three circle s I run, I’d want to desribe content and function.  So maybe Adam can touch base with circle leads to  break this down into specific tasks.  I don’t think Felipe is on this  call, but he was saying last week that tackling the website should be done as a design problem, break it down into parts.  If anyone wants to hop on a call we should.  Send me a calendar invite with the time that works for you.  

Cem: If we can make a coordination document around this.  Attribution is a real thing, a sprint.

B eth: Yeah, generating a doc synchronously 

### Pedro / Cem's idea: a ledger for accounting the work we've been doing \(to eventually get paid for work we've done, and to keep track of what's going on\)

The trello was a great step forward, but we can dogfood something more advanced

Cem: Adam, Pedro, and WHO? produce doc describing this.  

### Max / Stakeholders document

### Pedro / Universal gitbook

Pedro: I forgot something — I was trying to get us a free subscription to gitbook so we can create multiple spaces, but they’re not getting back to me.  But I got one for GENDAO that ’s not yet activated, I could hijack that and make that free gitbook ours and leave a space for gendao inside it.  That means we could all write in this gitbook, all use it freely without the github integration hassle, and all put everything there, make full use of it, have  the two repos, one public and one  less public,  we could all have that right now, so I’d like to run a temperature check.  Is there a problem with anyone having access and being  aable to create a space, and we could even offer gendao hosting as a service

Beth: vote yes

Pedro: Imagine that max’s is the free version, only two people have direct access, and he created a space in side a gitbook, but this is a whole gitbook that could host multiple spaces, including migrating max’s gitbook over.  We can have a mutliverse of spaces inside that free gitbook with unlimited.  

## Announcement

### Adam / Vote on adopting Tuna's incubation procedure outline

There are details that remain to be filled in, of course, 

{% embed url="https://www.loomio.org/d/XWlsrdyG/incubation-procedure-vote" %}

### Max / Crash Test \#2

{% embed url="https://forms.gle/c4FFvCXQYsj41ERVA" %}

### Beth / Onboarding Silke 

Beth: announcement: in terms of onbaording people, I’d talked to some people about onboarding Silke, will be starting the process for that.  

Cem: We need an orientation process on top of onboarding.  

