# WG Call 08.04.2019

Project updates

* Website & Logo \(Cem\)
* DAO Crash Test \(Max\)

## Adam/ Resort the order of discussion points

Meeting format: names indicate who will lead that section of the discussion. At 10 minutes to the end of the call, we'll skip from wherever we are to the asterisked agenda item\*\* for a lightning round

Add announcements and discussion points that are not listed, and rearrange the order of topics in case anyone is worried about an important topic getting missed because it's too low in the agenda

## Max + Adam / What are our main goals as an org?  Which circles are dedicated to achieving those goals?

Can we define a hierarchy of goals in terms of a timeline? Where do we want to be in a month, 6 months, a year?

How can the communications strategy be tailored to support our goals, now and later?

## Beth/ Dani: takeaways from sharing DAOincubator with people outside the organization

## Adam / last week Beth mentioned bringing on part time "advisors" like her friend the logo designer.  Is this something that circle leads can take charge of?

Or should we have a formalized process for taking on advisors? Perhaps based on the working group onboarding process but less rigorous?

Cem also made a trello card for creating a list of all current advisors

## James S / Communitism workshops

## \*\*\*Max + PhilH / Who manages discord and further issues with it

Phil will provide a status

## Announcements

### Adam / Monthly DAOincubator reports

Great basis for communications materials. Every circle lead and major role at DAOinc should contribute on a monthly basis.

### Cem / New trello card for defining the orientation milestones/ procedure

i.e. all the steps someone must go through to be appropriately up to speed

### Theo or James D / Grants and Funding update

### Cem / research circle??? // call for papers for governance doc

