# WG Call xx.03.2019

The "circles" vote

Cem: A high number vote signals accountability and initiative.  These roles should be self-assigned, people shouldn't be putting accountability on each other.  So we'd like to see people take leadership in grabbing roles, then we can get into task sharing, delegating, etc.  But each time a task has no owner, Cem owns it by default and wants people to step up and help.

Cem: For those who wrote 10 on an item, is anyone down to grab the circle?  I can grab the ecosystem circle.

Cory: development circle lead.

Adam: community

James: I'm funding circle with Theo

Cory: What are imminent action items from these circles?  For development: finding more devs, and helping Max coordinate on the DAO con hackathon.  

Cem: The expertise center and the ecosystem circle, we need to determine a lot of roles.  Ambassador roles, publishing partnerships with the different protocols, and more.  I could co-own governance circle.  Maybe Dani could help grab this too.

Beth: clarify difference between ecosystem, gov, legal

James: Ecosystem is for finding people in the space to work collaboratively, e.g. Trojan DAO, different research orgs, etc.  I imagine the point of legal, gov'ce, and dev working groups are to synthesize best practices in each of these categories and ascertain the state of development in the broader DAO landscape.  Gathering/ generating documentation on this state.  Ecosystem is more about partnerships, community is more about interacting with individuals and teams who want to learn about DAOs and develop as a result of our resources.  

\[Cem: DAOistas, this form is aimed at measuring the degrees of preferences and involvement with respective circles. Keep in mind the circles are not mutually exclusive so try to capture \(1\) interest and \(2\) bandwidth in your ratings.  
Please find here the brief definitions of circles:  
  
Administrative: Deals with the ongoing operations and workflow of DAOincubator  
Governance: Reviews and recommends calibrated governance schemes & methodologies to projects  
Development: Ensures technical adequacy and security of projects  
Research_: Reviews, generates and publishes novel work for consumption and implementation in the governance space._  
_Legal: Analyses and informs on jurisdictional frameworks for projects and potentially provide guidance to policy makers._  
_Community: Engages with and inspires the DAOincubator community_   
_Ecosystem: Maintains the partnerships and opportunities while mapping and engaging with the value flows including grant & funding providers_  
  
Research will be encapsulating some other circles according to some natural synergies \(i.e governance, legal, dev\)\]

Beth: down to help legal, research, ecosystem.  Design circle overlaps with this and is a good opportunity to use design thinking that could intersect with the group's organizational design but also help make sure that teams working within the incubator accord with design trends in the space.  Also, our website.  

James: I think incorporating design will be essential at every turn and for every circle.  Our circles are already so distributed and lacking leadership that bringing on a new circle might spread us thin, but I'd still like to see design thinking more integrated into what we do.  Once we define these roles we'll need to define clear deliverables.

Cem: I agree, and my proposal for adding new circles is that we not do it until we've distributed ownership over the existing ones.  And in the future, only propose new circles AFTER identifying an owner, to diminish confusion.

Beth: I down with that!

Cem: Theo just wrote to say that he'd like to lead ecosystem, as Beth and I are willing to do, so we three could share that leadership.  So, administrative circle -- who wants to own it.  

Max: I'd own it but let's clarify what's called for there.  

Cem: I nominate myself to gov circle ownership, and Cory and Dani also gave 10s.  

Cory: I could be vice governor.  

Cem: Research circle: Dani and Cory as co researching chairs.  

Cory: I have a few strong opinions about research.  It's really important to write stuff down and produce docs.  Coalescing other people's reserouces is great for assembling reading material.  We need to establish a formal process for producing literature, or else it turns into a posting fest with mounds of information that are hard to get through.  So research should produce concrete writings.

Dani: yeah it's not just for discussion but production of our own material and assisting other circles that need research.

Cory: start from problem statements, then explore solutions.

Dani: I made a doc for the legal circle where we can define the roadmap, prusue real problematics, and make proposals.  All circles should have something collaborative like a trello or doc so people can stay in the loop and participate even if they don't make calls.  

Cem: Legal circle.  

Dani: Theo, Beth, Phil, Marina, and others from outside the WG.  

Cem: Community circle -- Adam will lead, we'll privately ask Pedro to get involved there.  Dani, Max, James, Felipe are 7s.  Adam can delegate to all these people who claim to be in supportive roles.  Whatever circle you're leading, check the chart to see who you're sharing other responsibilities with/ delegating to.  Cem can also participate once communications are off his chest, support with Twitter, telegram, etc.

Cem: ecosystem had a lot of support: I can take ownership, Max and Theo who also gave 10s, and Adam and Beth, 8s, could be very helpful too.

Cem: development: Cory is leading , I pledge support to help him find more talent for that circle.  

Dani: On discord -- having so many tools -- discord, telegram, trello, is a lot.  If every circle is a distinct telegram group

Cem: each owner, please go to disord and see if your channel has been created there.  Add people to the group based on their responses to the survey

Jordan: down to help with the dev circle, and wherever else I can

Marina: I'm not sure how much time I'll have to work with you guys, I had 3 preferences and I'll see in the next week or 14 days it should be  clearer.  The next thing, I've been overwhelmed this week and couldn't get into those channels.  I think newcomers are prone to be overwhelmed by this stuff.  I'd be down to help onboarding.  We added Anja for example but she hasn't been very active becasue it's overwhelming.  I could put together a welcome package for newcomers.

James S: I think that's a great idea,

Marina: So there can be  a working groyp onboarding, a legal group onboarding, etc.

Cem: Another clarification along those lines: each circle will interact with the outside world as well as with circle members.  So some circles could still have  telegram groups \(e.g. research circle, which is more social and open to the world\) but the main circle channels on discord are members only.  If it makes sense for the circle, we can invite outsiders to contribute to those channels.   But establish a stratification: team&gt;collaborators&gt;public

Marina: would legal be responsible for answering legal questions that relate to the org itself?

Cem: I'd said: analyzes and informs and legal frameworks and offers guidance to policy makers.

Marina: but also the  responsibility of each of us  within the ...?

Cem: I'd like to see these responsibilities come from within the circles themselves, not to have someone outside writing roles for multiple circles.

Marina: I mean the legal responsibility of our actions -- we'll discuss later...

Dani: on our Aragon black proposal there was a question about DAOinc.  This week I want to onboard everyone into AragonDAO.  I want to issue tokens, write a proposal for everyone to vote on...

Cem: DAOstack proposal --  Pedro and I are working on this.  It's quite ready I would say.  I'll share it with the groyp \(its on trello\) but we should synchronize this with an Aragon Forum post on our DAO becoming active, and maybe Jack can send an email to the Colony people, just so we announce our launch to all three main actors at once.

Daniel: How much do we need to stake to become a member of Moloch?

James: There's no staking requirement but there's a sort of social consensus at the moment.  What's the goal of participating in that though?

Dani: the core devs of ethereum are ... and it'll probably become a main mechanism of developing ethereum once... block rewards... we should have a stake so that once things pick up, DAOinc can start to manage some of the DAO side of things.

James: I can check the community pulse on us jumping into moloch.  They're still pretty early stage, although theyve funded one project already.  We need to talk to community members who are participating in moloch before applying for membership.  IU could contact Ameen and get a pulse on that.

Cem: Could you take leadership on a one pager  to Moloch explaining who were are and why we want to participate.  

James: Yeah.  Dani, could you help on why we'd benefit each other?

Dani: Yeah.  First proposal on DAOstack and Aragon should nbot be financial, just about joining them.  Same for moloch.  To signal our commitment, that we're not requesting funds before having done anything for them.  Don't start from money.  I think it could start with reputation before  moving to financial.  

Adam: Is there overlap between us and Moloch?

Dani: Perhaps eventually there will be.  They're also a DAO, so it could be a mutually beneficial thing.

Cem: Not only that it could become powerful, but more that for us, it has an experimental value rather than focusing on what  moloch is funding.  Trojan, e.g. is about bootstrapping artist activities, not our main focus but important for us to understand these flows.  Learning wise, both would be a great opportunity.

Cory: we may also not want to interact extensively with moloch, a mainnet dao.  If you want funds, you have to burn ownership rights to do that and reenter with a promise, an initial stake again, to participate in governance.  We may not have the funds to do that, but instead we could use this to coalesce different funding streams when they come and use the moloch structure for DAOinc voting rights, and people inside with a smaller stake can liquidate for those bounties.  But we might want to aboid interacting with MolochDAO v1 on chain because it might not suit our needs, and it's a huge buy in.  

Dani: I like the idea of seedlings, baby DAOs, something that denotes soil of the ecosystem, growth.

Cory: I like but am partial

James: I like seedlings but maybe something similar but more sophisticated.

Cem: I have a word master here who can help maybe

Ambassadors

Dani: On the aragon side, I an in touch with Yanai, who can maybe be a trial.  

Cem: Pedro nominated himself as DAOstack ambassador

Dani: Colony -- could be Theo or Jackl

Cem: Jack

Testing

Cem: Yanai will test our onboarding protocol.I'm dragging the trello imtem to In Progress



Incubatee success manager role:

Cem: Phil had the thought of calling the gov+incubation circle "governance circle."  For the sake of the circle's co-owners, it makes sense to separate these roles.  We can have the coordinator who deals with each circle on INCUBATION RELATED TASKS.  This person would make a roadmap and stay in touch with circles around this.  Cem will find the person.

James S: 1 PM?  Or a team or PMs?

Cem: we should let the person who takes on the role define it based on the needs that arise.  We will help them find a co owner if need be, but right now, we need leadership and intitiative taking.  All these jobs may be too big, but start by taking ownership and if it's too much, complain about it and enlist someone to help you on that.  It sounds like a burdensome task, so the future own will be free to enlist someone else's help.  They will be the one to identify what roles that helper/ co owner should do.

James D: PM is gonna be a problem for each circle, and each will have PM roles.  This particular role is the highest level of PMgmt.  They can suggest deliverables to each circle/ work with the circles to provide those.  

Cem: I love that Idea because it touches on the other James's question.  We have an unfilled facilitator role.  That an the project coordination role could go together well.  And perhaps an administrative third.  But I'd love for this to emerge from experience.  

The rest of Max's discussion points will be discussed next week or via telegram/discord in the interim...

