# Core Call 01.04.2019

## Adam/ Resort the order of discussion points

Meeting format: names indicate who will lead that section of the discussion.  At 10 minutes to the end of the call, we'll skip from wherever we are to the asterisked agenda item\*\*

A lightning round in case anyone is worried about an important topic getting missed because it's too low in the agenda

Add announcements and discussion points that are not listed

## This week's accomplishments

Max: working on something to provide value for incubatees, I call it DAO crash test.  I'll describe the project later.  Had some convos on governance.  It's complicated, so I may just leave it as is.

Dani: workshop and computational law and bc fest in new york.  People from in and out of the space.  Rinkeby aragon dao is almost up and running.  Check if your name is not there so we can start dogfooding trhough that dao.  [https://rinkeby.aragon.org/\#/daoincubator.aragonid.eth/0x99defd3f51ce05eae155de1e522d240d59186bfd](https://rinkeby.aragon.org/#/daoincubator.aragonid.eth/0x99defd3f51ce05eae155de1e522d240d59186bfd)

pedro: worked on a ton of stuff, mostly in ... the gitbook including a proposal on a framework for decision making, assessment signaling, onboarding assets, code of conduct, offboarding, proposal for a roadmap, something on the site as well.  It's a lot and I think I'll keep myself to the points that I  listed in the tactical meetings.  

James Duncan: I focused on getting this EU grant out this week  and ... refining documentation and roadmap for applying to fundings.  

Beth: had the computational law and blockchain fest, did an open dao workshop

## Max / DAO Crash Test info

I want to share info and get a quick reaction round.  Jordan proposed something based on trojan feedback.  We were unclear what exact value wewanted to provide but it was a good discussion.  We could do this call on a regular basis with DAOinc newcomers.  We haven't followed up but I may like to lead such a project.  I've been thinking about a format called the retail descent??? basically, there are a few teams participating, a few members a piece, and each group has an idea they want to discuss, a concept, a dao,  etc., so they talk to the different groups and discuss strengths and wekanesses with each idea.  There are specific times where a delegate gets negative feedback, then goes through rounds and refines the ideas.  It's a useful technique for fleshing out details.  It's a little complicated to do online but could be useful.  I'll try to do the first project like that in the coming months, try to find someone help me facilitate, it could be a monthly occurrence if possible.  

James: summarize proposal briefly?

Max: I have this idea for a self help group, so anyone interested in doing that  can join the call and share feedback with each other using this game format.  More details to come

Pedro: great experiment, let's do it.

Beth: I want to encourage everyone's ideas, I can't help with it but look forward to checking in when I can  

## Max / Investing in DAOs webinar/panel

Almost all incubatees who have applied have funding requests.  Maybe we can connect with crypto vcs, crypto guys???.  I've seen VCs starting to do presentations around DAOs, talking about governance as an investment topic, they all love makerdao.  If we have fresh incubatees looking for funding, we could arrange a webinar roundtable where VCs disuss "investing in DAOs" to give information to people in  the space making daos.  How to engage VCs, what to tell them, etc.  Interested in seeing this happen, helping?

Pedro: I could lend a hand on documenting but otherwise have my plate full.  

Beth: Just a general statement, there's a lot coming together at the same time for everyone involved in this group,  so working autonomously on our  own things hwile  supporting each other.  People not helping =/= thinking the idea isn't cool.  Keep these coming 

Dani: Webinar idea is great.  We should have the deck for ourselves about DAOfunding and DAOinc.  This  might require the state of  the daos doc to be done and then discuss how VCs can be helped by daos.  Cem has been working on this too

## Adam/ Discussing the regular time for this call

Will this time work for everybody after Europe's time change?

Is everyone cool with bi-monthly, alternating with WG calls?

Every body's good with the way it is

## Beth's logo designer connection \(Yiying Lu\)

My random friend who has designed dope stuff on the internet offered us guidance on logo design.  We already discussed colors etc.  I think it could be cool if other people who were involved in the  discussion on the logo call want  to dive in.  If you're interested in being on a realtime board about the logo, message me.  That's one of my more immediate deliverables.  

It could also be useful to start having specific **advisors**, like her.  She couldn't be part of a design WG but could advise in a less formal and time consuming capacity when we/ an incubatee needs her.  She/ other advisors may not need to go through onboarding.  Even a format for reaching out to such advisers.

Pedro: could be interesting to engage deeper AFTER we have the website.  Until then, this person would be awesome to work with

## Pedro/ Walk through onboarding / offboarding processes for group to critique

We had a very lean doc that passed on Loomio.  Tried to test it, the first one had a messy feedback so I worked on a google presentation that's embedded in the  gitbook.  Basically, you launch the  idea of the  person and we go through informal validation.  If people consent, you just move forward making a letter of intent or  proposal, then move it to the structured decision making framework, a work in progress.  So far we're on loomio, but I think max's proposal for integrative decision making, which is more agile and better for untangling things should be our first choice, but if we lack quorum or whatever we can alsways fall back on loomio.  We have some specific terms on approving them.  

Offboarding is new and has some moving parts including admin circle, NEED FEEDBACK ON THAT PROCEDURE.

Adam: maybe we use loomio for now 

Pedro: re: aragon, I don't think we should use it with such a small number of people.  It's more effective at the scale of a bigger group, so  we can prepare it but only really use it when the group is bigger.

Dani: I disagree because using the dao helps even small groups see ... and  ...

Beth: Also if we can have one voting tool and use that tool for other things, that would be really helpful.



## Adam + Dani / Discuss Aragon voting parameters + do we consider Aragon votes to be "binding"?

If not, can we define a procedure for passing "binding resolutions"?

James: minimizing tooling is good.  I like dogfooding the aragon dao.  It's about being consistent with tools to develop consistent workflow and onboarding process.

Max: the faster we get through this decision making process the better.  I think loomio would be easier because it allows more options for voting and doesn't need complexity of integrating with blockchain.  

Adam: decide outside the call which to use, loomio or aragon.

Dani: I think we can use both, loomio for less important stuff.  Don't need to be dogmatic about what we use

Pedro: I think we're too busy at this self incubation stage when our attention is scarce and precious.  For the beginning, we can keep it simple and as we conslidate and progress, we can move on to more decentralized tools.  

James: I'm convinced

Dani: let's do this vote on loomio.

Pedro: in this proposal, let's set a checkpoint or deadline, a date to revisit the decision that 's built into the decision we take today. 

## Adam / Joining and leaving circles + documenting membership: define a procedure

Theo and Jordan want to leave the community circle due to bandwidth restraints.  Should each circle have its own processes spelled out for bringing on members, tracking current members, and losing members? Or is this something want to define across all of DAOincubator?

Max: let circle lead decide

Pedro: I second that

Adam: agree

## Adam/ Should communities circle or communications lead be in charge of social media?

There is some ambiguity around this in our documentation

Is a media strategy a valuable thing to have right now? If not, at what point will it be?

Pedro: usually lead writes up documentation to define those roles.  Who runs telegram, reddit, etc.

Max: As comms lead, I took on the role just as part of the distribution of roles.  Cem recently said there's not much activitiy in the telegram, but also we don't have clear goals around why we communicate.  So discussing the strategy is better than putting a lot of work in arbitrailiy.  So recruiting incubatees or whatever our goal turns out to be should be determined first.  

Max and Adam discuss the way forward.  

Max: Let's have the core group discuss general goals at some point, as well as how communications can support those goals.

Pedro: I agree we have many gaps because we just started, but IDing, listing, logging those gaps, missing parts, etc. that we feel are lacking, I think it would be very important for all of us.  Whevener we find something missing, we should have a way of writing it down to tackle that vacuum.  

Pedro: Trello would be a great place to do this.  We have the column for the backlog, everybody should be empowered to put anything there that comes through their head.  The priority and in progress columns are the key parts, so we don't have to worry about clogging the backlog by brainstorming.  But be sure to filter/ vlidate it if you want to move  forward.

## Adam + Pedro / What are our short/medium term priorities?\*\*

Proposed priorities:

1 decision making - Loomio, Aragon, Gitbook...

2 onboarding - Daniel and Cem's candidates

Dani: Still waiting on the candidate, if I don't receive a motivation letter by a week I'll withdrwa the nomiation.  Candidacy shouldn't go on forever.

Pedro: Regarding Cem's candidate, he asked me to nudge us on that.  So I'll start a loomio  thread with his letter of motivation/ other assets, to be set up after call.  

3 roadmap - to wrap up what has been done so far and what's in front of us X our goals and objectives [https://parrachia.gitbook.io/dao-habitus/resources/roadmap](https://parrachia.gitbook.io/dao-habitus/resources/roadmap)

Pedro: we have already done a lot, we have a very active trello, which is awesome.  But it seems we're ata a stage  where some collective prioiritization could be helpful.  That's what the prioirty column on trello is for.  I proposed some very basic roadmap on the gitbook based on what max wrote in the main public one, based on what I've seenand the vision that I have.  We would use this very rough initial roadmap to catalogue things in the backlog, what are priorities, to maximize effectivity.  Decision making, onboarding, circles consolidation with leads; ecosystem \(site, ambassadorship, microgrants\); research initiatives and publishing, including state of the daos.  Soft launch \(first grant, first round of incubatee projects.\)

Max: dates around this?

Dani: let's have phase one finished by next week/ the next cool.  

## End of meeting: Announcements

### Adam/ Pedro: Mention: sprint on website

Pedro: please also look through the unformal gitbook and write pull requests for anything at all, give it some love.

