# Tactical Call 22.04.19

## Adam/ Resort the order of discussion points

Meeting format: names indicate who will lead that section of the discussion. At 10 minutes to the end of the call, we'll skip from wherever we are to the asterisked agenda item\*\* for a lightning round

### Adam / Add announcements and discussion points

that are not listed, and rearrange the order of topics in case anyone is worried about an important topic getting missed because it's too low in the agenda

## Discussion

### Adam + Pedro + Cory / Website content

Do we want a "partner logos" section with only 3 logos?  And other topics

{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FBYVQ-nJeyFCIPKJLOXYzxbccZF1O-P9s6Qe762oBTc/edit?usp=sharing" %}

Cory: please fill out your bio on the form [  
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Dr-7hGiRCwgEcNX9ohKrzPI1F5xHXP31Tsh0e9mfD9g/edit?usp=sharing](
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Dr-7hGiRCwgEcNX9ohKrzPI1F5xHXP31Tsh0e9mfD9g/edit?usp=sharing)

### PhilH / from dimensions of DAOs to case studies

Starting to work on DAO case studies. I'd like to have others' feedback on the usefulness of this work for DAOincubator and possibly some help :\) \[[https://docs.google.com/document/d/15O3-dXCsFKT-699KXaHH4xRNbZx8GupdUO77Yr50KOs/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15O3-dXCsFKT-699KXaHH4xRNbZx8GupdUO77Yr50KOs/edit)\] \(More information here.\)

Phil: it will be good to start accumulating info on existing DAOs.  Resources to help us and others understand what's going on in this space/  But this is not a one man job, we need to grasp what's specific about governance models, DAOs' tokenomic models, etc.  It's an ongoing thing, not a doc that can be "finished".  Different circles could probably take part.  I though we could start by defining angles and criteria and then start to put something together.  First  I'd like to know if others think it's a useful project, and who'd like to participate along with me?  Creating content about DAOs  they're interested in, etc.  

Adam: I'd like to see the research circle take this on, though it's a different kind of research.

Beth: in what sense do you want the research circle to participate?

Adam: ...

Phil: I didn't know where to share this idea, so I posted it to WG, had no   idea whether it would be better in research.  It could be seen as that but rather than digging deep into something like bonding curves, it's more of a superficial survey than a deep dive.  At the same time, as comparative research, there could be a good deep dive to be had here.  My first intention  was just to see if there's interest, not push this on any circle.  

Adam: does this overlap with state of the DAOs?

Phil: I forgot about that one, sounds similar.  But in my view  it's ongoing either way.  

Adam: maybe we can pick up where they left off.

Felipe: selecting primitives for workshops can be done in the research circle.

Beth: I'm the lead for both of  those circles.  James and I have discussed this, in a doc \([https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M-t53PdSzae92pzDvWyiUogcGyQKdSHgO7u39kApuiw/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M-t53PdSzae92pzDvWyiUogcGyQKdSHgO7u39kApuiw/edit)\) Felipe do you want a resouece that defines the crypto\[rimitives, or for us to internally decide what should be used?

Felipe: yeah, an MVP  with one cryptoprimitive and projects based around that.  

Beth: it's definitely a top priority, workshops focusing on things with NFTs, but these can't exist without backing.  Dani and I have been working on a workshop that looks at the elements of these cryptoprimitives in terms of implementing, legal questions, analyzing the human systems involved, etc.  And each of these elements can be broken down into others.  James has been working on this too and it's moving forward, we'd love for you to contribute as well.

James: Yeah, everyone is free to contribute to the doc.  Also PLEASE  FILL OUT THE QUESTIONNAIRE ON THE CREATION OF THE ART CIRCLE.  

Pedro: Want to get consent for Eric from ECSA

Dani: I'm also proposing Olivia

### Adam on behalf of Tuna / The journey of a project from pre-incubation to demo day and beyond, or: "the incubation process in 360"

Is this design ready to be put to a vote? Or should we leave feedback to Tuna first? [https://miro.com/app/board/o9J\_kysdxCw=/](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_kysdxCw=/)

Dani: This is great, I think it's ready to be published for review, we can have a 4 day window of review, people adding remarks that get integrated, then publish if we have consensus on a version.

### Adam on behalf of Tuna / what is the benchmark of a successful incubation?

It results in a DAO that is socially/fiscally sustainable?

James S: One interesting metric: what goals is the DAO set up to achieve, and has it achieved those particular goals in a sustainable way?

### Adam on behalf of Tuna / How do we select the PM/point of contact for each incubatee?

Cory: Cem will produce a doc on this

Beth: How can I get starfish DAO into the incubator?

### Adam on behalf of Tuna / The need for an internal voting mechanism or process to filter incubatee applications \(covered in "incubation 360"\)

Dani: we have at least 20 applications, but we don't want to deal with incubatees before we know what we're doing/ have a process in place.  Trojan is forcing us to develop a methodology.  We've signalled our willingness to follow up with all 20.  We should get on this quickly so they're not left in the dark.  

Beth: Are we only going for geographically colocated incubatees?

Adam: I'd say no

Beth: Do we provide stronger support to colocated incubatees?

Dani: What's the point of a DAO if geographical proximity matters so much

Beth: But in some cases we can offer workspace

Dani: but we shouldn't formalize rules around that difference

Beth: I can contribute to the doc that Cory mentioned

### Adam on behalf of Tuna / what should be the cap for maximum simultaneous incubatees?

Dani: let's formalize the procedure, do the first round with as many incubatees as we feel inclined to, probably 1-3, but play by ear and see where it goes.  We don't want to take too many at first \(better  to tell people to wait while we test and iterate than to overcommit.\)

Beth: if we're  having a selection process based on something, we could maybe help MORE colocated projects than a bunch of scattered groups.  Practices investor pitches and stuff might benefit from that.  How do we set our own bandwidth parameters?  

Felipe:  Initial goalsetting exercise, mutually between incubee and mentor, that's broadcast to the org for mutual accountability.  Can also guide us on when to abandon incubatees.

### \*\*Adam / Replace the word "incubatee" with "cell" and/or "decentralized organism"?

## Announcements

### Max / DAO Crash Test \#1

Announcement by Dani: On discord Aragon DAO, I labelled the people in DAOincubator DAO on Aragon.  Let's start using it.  They'll release the rinkeby planning suite in 2 days

